{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Part One:\
      Research and answer the following questions:\
          1.  How to implement the 4 observables.\
\
	There are 5 different observables that can be implemented,\
	The first is a standard observable it emits 0 \'85 N elements, and then completes successfully or with an error.\
	The observer for the standard observable will override the onNext, onError, and onComplete. \
	\
	Then there is flowable observable type with back pressure handling. It is similar to a standard observable only 	whenever it\'92s emitting too many values it has a strategy to skip some values whenever there is too much 	back pressure. \
	\
	Next is the single observer which is used when the observable only has to emit one value.The observer must 	override the onSuccess and the onError.\
	\
	Next is the maybe observable. This observable is used when it has to emit a value or no value. The observe 	must override onSuccess, onError, and onComplete.\
\
	Last is the completable Observable. This one is used when the observable needs to complete a task without 	emitting a value.\
	\
\
          2.  The difference in the 4 observables.\
\
	Listed above\
\
          3.  How to implement the rxjava map and flatmap.\
\
	you implement map by using the map operator and converting the observable output into something else.\
	you implement  flatmap by calling the flatmap operator then return an observable\
\
          4.  The difference in map vs flatmap.\
\
	Map transforms the items emitted by an observable by applying a function to each item. \
	While Flatmap transforms the items the items emitted by an observable into Observables.\
\
\
          5.  What are hot and cold observables.\
\
	Cold observable  are observables where the data producer is created by the observable itself. Data gets 	produced only when there is a subscriber Hot observable have their data producer outside of the observable. 	Data is  being produced regardless of if there\'92s a subscriber or not.}